# Scenic-Fintech
This app will leverage A.I to determine the best investment product based on the user’s level of income and social status.
The fintech industry has seen a huge growth over recent years. Which is why we have recognized an opportunity to create a solution to help people manage their finances. The company named Scenic is a mobile app that leverages artificial intelligence to help people grow and manage their finances. The app makes intelligent financial decision on behalf of the user, that capitalizes on market trends, leading to maximum profit for the user. The A.I. studies and analyses the market and various investment vehicles and makes the best decision based on the user’s income level and socio-economic status. The problem this product solves is elimination of risk involve in investing your money. Most people are afraid of losing their money which is why they don’t invest it at all. The product solves that problem by using data analysis to make intelligent financial decision on behalf of the user. The business is currently registered as a Limited liability company in Lagos, Nigeria. We currently have a remote team of five of people all over the world, with each of them having business experience. It’s a team of entrepreneurs who are motivated to build a great product. Our target user is a working-class individual with the desire to achieve financial freedom. Recent trends have shown that people are serious about their money, and they want to achieve financial freedom. It's being proven by the 20 million users mint has acquired. Mint is a personal finance management app and it’s a close competitor of our product. Our competitive advantage is the ability to leverage artificial intelligence to study the market and make intelligent financial decision on behalf of the user.   The business is currently in product development stage, as we are working on building our minimum viable product to bring to the market to see our people react to it. The company’s goals for the next three years to establish our dominance in the market by continuous innovation on the our product whereby making it better to serve our customers. 
Features of the app
•	The app will offer the management of all the user’s bank accounts, so it will be easier for them to manage all their bank accounts from one app.
•	The app will serve as a marketplace for various loan opportunities in the banking industry, where the users will have the opportunity to loan money from any lender. And the A.I will recommend the best loan the user will go for depending on the income level of that user.
•	The app will also serve as a marketplace for various investment products in banking industry, where the A.I will also recommend the best investment product to invest in based on the user’s level of income and financial goals.
•	The app will also serve as a cryptocurrency trading app where the A.I will recommend the best cryptocurrency to buy as an asset based on the level of income and financial goals of the user.
•	The app will also issue a debit card that can be linked to any of the user’s accounts to make a withdrawal to avoid having multiple debit cards from different banks. It will be a multipurpose debit that can be used to withdraw from any bank account.
•	The app would also provide financial forecast of the user’s net worth and assets based on the investments made already.
•	Overall, the user can also set the A.I on automatic where it makes this investment on their behalf based on their financial goals and level of income. 
